triton/usage/jobs: Update GPU billing weights (#144)
AaltoSciComp/scicomp-docs: triton/usage/jobs.rst

all CPUs and little memory.  This encourages balanced use.  (this also
applies to GPUs).

GPUs also have a billing weight, currently tens of times higher than a
CPU billing weight for the newest GPUs.  (In general all of these can

> change, for the latest info see search ``BillingWeights`` in

Reviewer: "see search"?

> change, for the latest info see search ``BillingWeights`` in

Author: ```suggestion
change, for the current info, search ``BillingWeights`` in
```
thanks!
